Regardless of how many tickets are in the queue to be reviewed; allow me to only activate and work on 1 ticket at a time. 

Once I'm done editing\confirming the details of the pdf copy  of the pick ticket to the virtual pick ticket require me to perform a save of that data.

At this point no information in the SCDIO CSV should have occurred yet. If I forget this. Remind be while I'm in the ticket so I don't get ahead of myself.

Don't mess with the layout of my tickets or the highlighting it does or which fields are editable by me.

I don't care if some of the heavy lifting has to be farmed out to another csv file or a JSON file or whatever.

Mission accomplishment is the goal.

The next stage is to pull into the virtual pick ticket the amount that the SCDIO data says was delivered and determine if there is a match, missing info, or a difference.

When all that is said in done we save the data again and post it into a copy of the SCDIO csv file.

Here is how I manually find matches:

I look in the SCDIO CSV file.
I convert the range of data to a table with headers.
I know this table will not remain a table because it is a CSV file.
I look in the SCDIO CSV file in Col C.
I isolate\filter the data by customer ID in Col C.
For example "644-ED2".
Then I do another filter by Col H and filter for the date of the pick ticket and include the next 3 days.
Then I search in Col D of my SCDIO CSV file for the 1st IMF number on my ticket. If I find it, I write down the transaction ID number I find in Col O of the same row.
If there are multiple instances of that IMF number spanning the 4 days I write down all of the Transaction ID numbers.
Then I search in Col D of my SCDIO CSV file for the 2nd IMF number on my ticket. If I find it, I write down the transaction ID number I find in Col O of the same row.
If there are multiple instances of that IMF number spanning the 4 days I write down all of the Transaction ID numbers.
If 2 of the items\IMF numbers both have the same Transaction ID number I clear all my filters and filter for just that Transaction ID number.
If that Transaction ID number has the same QTY of items on the order and all the same IMF numbers I know I've found a match.

I'm not asking for an all or nothing match.
I'm asking for probabilities to get the human closer to an actual match.
A perfect match would be ideal but is not going to occur at least at first.
Each ticket needs to be able to go through several matching processes if necessary.
If the date & customer ID match and 1 single IMF number then that item should qualify for match consideration.
If 2 or more items match the qualifications for date and customer ID they should qualify for a match potential.
However, if 1 of the items doesn't have the same Transaction ID number as the rest of the contestants it should be excluded from the list.
If the ticket has for example 2 items on it and the number of total IMF count found also equals 2 items this should be considered a 100% match.

Do I need to expound on this process of do you think you can write a process that does this more effectively now?